Jai Maa:

1. Expedia :

Expedia Group is looking for a penetration tester to perform pen test on its infrastructure and applications. The scope of this role includes performing the full cycle of penetration testing engagements - from scoping, through threat modelling, information gathering, discovery, vulnerability assessment, active testing, pivoting and reporting.

Responsibilites:

Responsible for penetration testing and red teaming activities, researching and analyzing vulnerabilities, identifying relevant threats, corrective action recommendations, summarizing and reporting results.
Develop and refine methodologies to conduct Red Team operations successfully and consistently covering all areas of technology
Assess EG’s existing security capabilities to detect and respond to emerging threats and work with Detection team to ensure a smooth execution of testing activities (e.g. red/purple teaming, competitive cyber games, etc.)
Work with Threat Research team to develop red team scenarios consistent with real attacks as well as business lines understanding their threats
Plan and execute complex red-team exercise by replicating, in a safe way, the tactics, techniques and procedures of threat actors, including technical coordination of activities and periodic reporting of progresses to partners
Design and develop scripts, frameworks, tools, and the methods required for facilitating and executing complex scenarios, emulating malicious actor behavior aimed at avoiding detection
Deeply document exploit chain/proof of concept scenarios and influence partners in understanding risk exposure and containment measures from vulnerabilities

Requirements:

Bachelor’s Degree in engineering, Computer Science/Information Technology or its equivalent with real passion for security researching
6+ years of experience executing large scale penetration testing / red team testing assessments of highly critical systems
OSCP, OSCE, GPEN, CREST or similar certifications will be a plus
Strong knowledge of security frameworks e.g. OWASP, SANS, MITRE ATT&CK Framework,
Firewalls, IDS/IPS, Web Proxies and DLP among other
Detailed and up-to-date knowledge of wide range of security tools like Burp Suite, Nessus, Metasploit, Empire, Cobalt Strike, etc. and familiarity with common reconnaissance, exploitation, and post exploitation frameworks

Ability to develop creative tools, solutions, processes and automate tasks using a scripting language (Python, Perl, Ruby, etc.)

Knowledge of Linux operating systems, Source Code Analysis, Mobile Application Security, Microsoft technologies like Active Directory and others





2. Amazon :

Experience in conducting red team engagements from an adversarial/threat perspective, working with offensive TTPs (Tactics, Techniques and Procedures)
- BS in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience
- 2+ years in an Information Security role, preferably in red teaming, penetration testing, or other offensively-focused security roles
- Advanced knowledge and understanding in various disciplines such as security architecture and engineering, system and network security, authentication and security protocols, cryptography, and application security
- Experience with interpreted or compiled languages: Python, Ruby, Perl, PHP, C/C++, Java, C#
- Experience with cloud service providers and their offerings, preferably AWS and its various technologies and APIs
- Experience with various testing tools, such as Metasploit, Nmap, Nessus, Burp Suite, etc.
- Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive

3. Google :

MS in Computer Science or a related technical field.
Relevant work experience in penetration testing or red teaming.
Software development experience in C++, Java, or Python.
Technical knowledge of security engineering, computer and network security, authentication, security protocols and applied cryptography.
Self-motivated and results-oriented.
Effective interpersonal and communication skills.

4. Microsoft :

Lead a targeted operation (planning, scoping, approval, reconnaissance & discovery, execution of attacks, pivoting, persistence, and remediation)
Navigate through an ecosystem of multiple domains, technologies, protocols, and stakeholders


5. 
Job Summary
Veeva’s Security Engineering Team is seeking Red Teamers to help keep Veeva secure and safe from attackers. Our team in Columbus is growing, and we want you to join us! 
This role has a broad scope, ranging from attacking Veeva’s AWS services, infrastructure and processes, discovering weaknesses in Veeva’s architecture, and working with various platform teams, third party testers and researchers to sharpers our detective and preventative capabilities. This role presents an ultimate test of one’s security knowledge and ability, along with the support of a team of highly skilled individuals.
What You'll Do
A Security Engineer at Veeva is expected to be strong in multiple domains. Engineers in this role work closely with teams throughout Security, such as the Threat Intelligence, Application Security and Security Operations teams, as well as provide technical leadership and advice to teams and leaders throughout Veeva. You will be in direct contact with numerous teams in a variety of business platforms, giving you firsthand knowledge about how Veeva is built and how it operates at a deep, technical level. Additionally, you will leverage the knowledge you gain about Veeva to find new ways to break software and processes throughout the company.
Engineers in this role must show exemplary judgment in making technical trade-offs between short-term fixes and long-term security and business goals. They must also demonstrate resilience and navigate difficult situations with composure and tact. Individuals in this role will be expected to provide thought leadership for the organization as you discover, invent and innovate throughout the course of their duties. Above all else, a strong sense of customer obsession is necessary to focus on the ultimate goal of keeping Veeva and its customers secure. 
Participate in Red Team engagements throughout Veeva with few limits and restrictions.
Conduct full cycle engagements with business units independently, or as part of a team.
Perform manual examination of client systems, web sites and networks to discover weaknesses.
Thoroughly document exploit chain/proof of concept scenarios for client consumption.
Communicate findings and discoveries to prioritize and execute remediation plans.
Coordinate find remediation from third party penetration testers
Review and validate findings from Veeva’s bug bounty program
Maintain AWS VPC and related testing systems for our third-party testers and bug bounty programs
Requirements
BS in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience
2+ years in an Information Security role, preferably in red teaming, penetration testing, reverse engineering, incident response or vulnerability management
Advanced knowledge and understanding in various disciplines such as security engineering, system and network security, authentication and security protocols, cryptography, and application security
Experience with interpreted or compiled languages: Python, Ruby, Perl, PHP, C/C++, Java, C#
Experience with cloud service providers and their offerings, preferably AWS and its various technologies and APIs
Experience with various testing tools, such as Netspaker, Kali Linux, Metasploit, Nmap, Nessus, Burp Suite, etc.
Familiar with offensive TTPs (Tactics, Techniques and Procedures) including post-exploitation and lateral movement
Experience with Redhat, AWS Linux, AWS Linux 2, Windows Server 2008, 2012, 2016 and 2019 etc.
Understanding of one or more standards: OSWAP Top 10, SANS Top 20, NIST 800-53, CIS, CSC or other security standards
Nice To Have
Industry penetration certifications such as OSCP, GPEN, GXPN, GWAPT etc
Industry security certifications such as CISSP, CEH or others
Experience in conducting social engineering focused assessments
Experience in CTF competitions, CVE research and/or Bug Bounty recognition
Knowledge of the MITRE ATT&CK Framework
Experience in Web and Mobile (Android/iOS) based application/service assessment
Experience in Wireless and Network assessment in enterprise infrastructure
Experience in reverse engineering and associated tooling such as IDA
Experience in Advanced Persistent Threat exploits
Experience with Web Application Firewalls (WAF), IDS/IPS or other security platforms
Knowledge of fuzzing, memory corruption and exploit development
Knowledge about hardware hacking
Intermediate to advanced communication and presentation skills
Experience providing training and mentorship
Demonstrable teamwork skills and resourcefulness
Ability to make concrete progress in the face of ambiguity and imperfect knowledge
